#### General Background
<p> My name is Dominic Tasselli (He/Him), and I am a Senior at Christopher Newport University. I am a social work major with an additional passion for medieval history. 

<p>#### Interests in Digital Humanities

My interest in the Digital Humanities stems from my lack of current knowledge surrounding the field. As technology improves, I realize that platforms for sharing information is changing as well. As a social work major, one of my core responsibilities is to be competent in writing and sharing information, which is why I feel taking a Digital Humanities course was needed in my course load this semester. I also hope to improve my writing skills in general as well, which is a necessity in my academic future and career field.

<p> ####Career Interests

As a senior, the reality of growing up set in this past summer, which is when I decided that I would like to pursue my master’s degree in social work within the next two years. This is a step towards my ultimate goal of becoming an elementary school social worker, or a CPS social worker. Majoring in social work at Christopher Newport University has further pushed me to be involved with the surrounding community as well.

<p> ####Academic or personal successes

I have volunteered with a local nonprofit called Families in Transition (FIT) which helps underprivileged children through providing them with a safe place to go after school. While volunteering for FIT, I tutored students in math twice a week for the past three years. Working with children in this context is what facilitated my interest in a career field with the schools or CPS. However, currently, I am an intern for St. Francis Nursing Center. This has allowed me to work with clients much older than I am used to, and in turn adding to my social work background. Because of my extensive involvement in the social work program, I thought it be suiting to join the social work honors society, Phi Alpha, which I have been a member of since the spring of 2021. 

<p> ####Societies

In addition to Phi Alpha, I am a member of the fraternity of Phi Gamma Delta (FIJI). FIJI is a newer organization to CNU, forming in the Spring of 2019. FIJI has allowed me to become more involved on campus through providing me with volunteering, fundraising, and social leadership opportunities. I have the responsibility of social chair, which plans all the social events for the fraternity which has brought me closer to individuals from other Greek organizations. 

<p>####Some Personal Information

I am from Fairfax County, Virginia, commonly regarded as NOVA by my peers. I live in Mantua, a smaller suburban neighborhood about 30 minutes outside of Washington, D.C. 
I am extremely passionate about mechanics and cars in general, mostly because my brother and father are mechanics. I frequently go to car shows and avidly watch my favorite car youtubers such as StreetSpeed717, 1320Video, and KSR Racing. In the future when my finances allow it, I plan to start car projects as a hobby. Another hobby I currently relish is cooking. I make meals for my room mates on a near daily basis. I enjoy exploring different types of cuisines, but I cook Italian food most frequently.


